# webgen extension bundle "templates"

This is a [webgen] extension bundle that provides website templates that
can be used when creating a website.

By using a website template you don't need to do all the work of
creating a main template and the needed CSS styles at the beginning. If
you want to change anything later, it is easy to do!

[webgen]: http://webgen.rubyforge.org


# List of included templates

[Andreas Viklund]: http://andreasviklund.com/
[AVcopy]: http://andreasviklund.com/about/copyright/


## 1024px

Open source web design template by [Andreas Viklund]. Features a simple
blue and grey two column interface, with a left or a right sidebar. Have
a look at the [template homepage][1024px] to see the original template
and what can be done with it.

[1024px]: http://andreasviklund.com/templates/1024px

This template is free to use for any purpose, see the [copyright
statement][AVcopy].


## andreas00

Open source web design template by [Andreas Viklund]. Features a one-,
two- or three-column interface in white and grey with many predefined
styles for menus, tables, forms, ... Have a look at the [template
homepage][andreas00] to see the original template and what can be done
with it.

[andreas00]: http://andreasviklund.com/templates/andreas00

This template is free to use for any purpose, see the [copyright
statement][AVcopy].


## andreas01

Open source web design template by [Andreas Viklund]. Features a simple
two- or three-column interface with many predefined styles. Similar to
style andreas00. Have a look at the available styles in the CSS file and
visit the [template homepage][andreas01] to see the original template
and what can be done with it.

[andreas01]: http://andreasviklund.com/templates/andreas01

This template is free to use for any purpose, see the [copyright
statement][AVcopy].


## andreas03

Open source web design template by [Andreas Viklund]. An accessible
2-column template in blue, grey and white which loads fast and works in
all common browsers. Would be a good one for a blog! Have a look at the
available styles in the CSS file and visit the [template
homepage][andreas03] to see the original template and what can be done
with it.

[andreas03]: http://andreasviklund.com/templates/andreas03

This template is free to use for any purpose, see the [copyright
statement][AVcopy].


## andreas04

Open source web design template by [Andreas Viklund]. A simple
two-column fluid width template in orange and grey using animated GIFs.
Can be used for normal websites but it is probably best used for a blog!
Have a look at the available styles in the CSS file and visit the
[template homepage][andreas04] to see the original template and what can
be done with it.

[andreas04]: http://andreasviklund.com/templates/andreas04

This template is free to use for any purpose, see the [copyright
statement][AVcopy].


## andreas05

Open source web design template by [Andreas Viklund]. Simplicity is the
main feature of this design. No advanced features and no effects are
used which makes it great for small sites. Have a look at the available
styles in the CSS file and visit the [template homepage][andreas05] to
see the original template and what can be done with it.

[andreas05]: http://andreasviklund.com/templates/andreas05

This template is free to use for any purpose, see the [copyright
statement][AVcopy].


## andreas06

Open source web design template by [Andreas Viklund]. A fall/autumn
design in orange and blue with menu tabs and many in-built styles to
use. Have a look at the available styles in the CSS file and visit the
[template homepage][andreas06] to see the original template and what can
be done with it.

[andreas06]: http://andreasviklund.com/templates/andreas06

This template is free to use for any purpose, see the [copyright
statement][AVcopy].


## andreas07

Open source web design template by [Andreas Viklund]. A very simple
design with minimalistic use of .classes or IDs in the CSS file. Uses a
fixed position site menu, good for small or personal sites. Have a look
at the available styles in the CSS file and visit the [template
homepage][andreas07] to see the original template and what can be done
with it.

[andreas07]: http://andreasviklund.com/templates/andreas07

This template is free to use for any purpose, see the [copyright
statement][AVcopy].


## andreas08

Open source web design template by [Andreas Viklund]. Very simple and
basic template without images in light blue and white. Have a look at
the available styles in the CSS file and visit the [template
homepage][andreas08] to see the original template and what can be done
with it.

[andreas08]: http://andreasviklund.com/templates/andreas08

This template is free to use for any purpose, see the [copyright
statement][AVcopy].


## andreas09

Open source web design template by [Andreas Viklund]. Features a two or
three column layout in various colors (blue, green, orange, purple, red
and black) with many styles. Have a look at the available styles in the
CSS file and visit the [template homepage][andreas09] to see the
original template and what can be done with it.

[andreas09]: http://andreasviklund.com/templates/andreas09

This template is free to use for any purpose, see the [copyright
statement][AVcopy].


## simple

Provides a minimalistic website template. The template defines a
horizontal header, a horizontal bar with the breadcrumb trail and the
language menu, then a menu on the left and a footer.



# Installation

The easiest way to install this extension bundle is by installing the
corresponding Rubygem:

    gem install webgen-templates-bundle

If you don't use Rubygems, copy the folder
`lib/webgen/bundle/templates` into your `ext` directory.

This bundle is auto-loaded, so you don't have anything else to do!


# Copyright and license

Copyright (c) 2013 Thomas Leitner under the MIT License (see LICENSE)

* * *

The licenses for the individual templates are mentioned in their
description.
